src/pages/en/dashboard/customize.md, before:

---
title: Customize your dashboard
description: Build a custom dashboard for your Treblle projects in a few clicks and focus in on the data you want to see.
layout: ../../../layouts/MainLayout.astro
---

You can quickly build custom dashboard for your Treblle [projects](/en/dashboard/projects) in a few clicks and focus in on the data you want to see at a glance.

## Widgets

Treblle makes available widgets to aid in quickly customizing your dashboard.
Listed below are the widgets you can add easily to customize your dashboard:

### Top cities
See a list of top cities from which users access your API.

### Top countries
See a list of top countries from which users access your API.

### Requests per day
Get an overview of how many requests you get every day.

### Requests map
View recent requests made to your API directly on a live map.

### Top devices
See a list of top devices that are used to access your API.

### Weekly breakdown
Breakdown of the most popular days in the week that your API was accessed.

### Monthly breakdown
Breakdown of the most popular months of the year that your API was accessed

### App versions
Shows the versions of applications or browsers that accessed your API

## Add new widget
To add a new [widget](/en/dashboard/customize-dashboard#widgets) to your <a href="https://app.treblle.com" target="_blank">dashboard</a>, scroll down and click the **Add new widget** button. This will open the **Widget** drawer from which you can one or more widgets to add to your dashboard.

After you select the widget(s) you want to add to your dashboard, click on the **Update

## Reordering widgets
You can reorder widgets already on your dashboard by clicking on dragging on the reorder handle on the top right corner of the desired widget card.

## Removing widgets
You can remove a widget by clicking on the *x* button on the top-right corner of the widget card. Doing so will remove the widget from your dashboard.

Commit message:

feat: add callout to watch screencast on customizing your dashboard

src/pages/en/dashboard/customize.md, after:

---
title: Customize your dashboard
description: Build a custom dashboard for your Treblle projects in a few clicks and focus in on the data you want to see.
layout: ../../../layouts/MainLayout.astro
---
> Watch this <a target="_blank" href="https://youtu.be/tYUOId4WiT ">screencast</a> on how to customize your dashboard.

You can quickly build custom dashboard for your Treblle [projects](/en/dashboard/projects) in a few clicks and focus in on the data you want to see at a glance.

## Widgets

Treblle makes available widgets to aid in quickly customizing your dashboard.
Listed below are the widgets you can add easily to customize your dashboard:

### Top cities
See a list of top cities from which users access your API.

### Top countries
See a list of top countries from which users access your API.

### Requests per day
Get an overview of how many requests you get every day.

### Requests map
View recent requests made to your API directly on a live map.

### Top devices
See a list of top devices that are used to access your API.

### Weekly breakdown
Breakdown of the most popular days in the week that your API was accessed.

### Monthly breakdown
Breakdown of the most popular months of the year that your API was accessed

### App versions
Shows the versions of applications or browsers that accessed your API

## Add new widget
To add a new [widget](/en/dashboard/customize-dashboard#widgets) to your <a href="https://app.treblle.com" target="_blank">dashboard</a>, scroll down and click the **Add new widget** button. This will open the **Widget** drawer from which you can one or more widgets to add to your dashboard.

After you select the widget(s) you want to add to your dashboard, click on the **Update

## Reordering widgets
You can reorder widgets already on your dashboard by clicking on dragging on the reorder handle on the top right corner of the desired widget card.

## Removing widgets
You can remove a widget by clicking on the *x* button on the top-right corner of the widget card. Doing so will remove the widget from your dashboard.
